add API docs for plugin runtimes (#23223)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/system/plugins-catalog.mdx

- `type` `(string: <required>)` – Specifies the type of this plugin. May be
  "auth", "database", or "secret".

- `oci_image` `(string: "")` - Specifies OCI image to run. If specified, setting `command`,
  `args`, and `env` will update the container's entrypoint, args, and environment
  variables (append-only) respectively.

> - `runtime` `(string: "")` - Specifies Vault plugin runtime to use if `oci_image` is specified.

Reviewer: Might be nice to add a link to the API page for plugin runtimes here

- `version` `(string: "")` - Specifies the semantic version of the plugin. Used as the tag
  when specifying `oci_image`, but with any leading 'v' trimmed.

- `sha256` `(string: <required>)` – This is the SHA256 sum of the plugin's
  binary or the OCI image. Before a plugin is run, its SHA will be checked against this value.
  If they do not match the plugin can not be run.

> - `command` `(string: "")` - Specifies the command to spawn the plugin. This defaults
>   to the name of the plugin if both `oci_image` and `command` are unspecified.

Reviewer: This is true on the CLI, but the API requires it to be specified (the CLI is the bit that does the defaulting).

```suggestion
- `command` `(string: <required>)` - Specifies the command used to execute the
  plugin. This is relative to the plugin directory. e.g. `"myplugin"`, or if `oci_image`
  is also specified, it is relative to the image's working directory.
```

  execution of the plugin. Each entry is of the form "key=value". e.g
  `"FOO=BAR"`.

> ### Sample payload not using OCI image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Sample payload
```
